feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/window/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: window property"
short-title: window
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/window
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.window
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`window`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a reference to a {{domxref("Window")}} object reference representing the `window` of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the long animation frame (LoAF)-causing script was executed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`window`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a reference to a {{domxref("Window")}} object reference representing the `window` of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the long animation frame (LoAF)-causing script was executed in.
```

> The **`window`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a reference to a {{domxref("Window")}} object reference representing the `window` of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the long animation frame (LoAF)-causing script was executed in.

Author: suggestion applied
